"THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS NOW WITH JOY REID IN FOR RACHEL.
NOW WITH JOY REID IN FOR RACHEL. >> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH. HAVE A GREAT REST OF YOUR NIGHT.
HAVE A GREAT REST OF YOUR NIGHT. THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR
THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR JOINING US.
JOINING US. RACHEL HALZ THES THE NIGHT OFF.
RACHEL HALZ THES THE NIGHT OFF. SHE’LL BE BACK ON MONDAY.
SHE’LL BE BACK ON MONDAY. YESTERDAY WE WERE TREATED TO TWO
YESTERDAY WE WERE TREATED TO TWO RELATED PIECES OF NEWS THAT WERE
RELATED PIECES OF NEWS THAT WERE BOTH SHOCKING IN THEIR ANYOWN WA
BOTH SHOCKING IN THEIR ANYOWN WA WE WITNESSED THE SITTING
WE WITNESSED THE SITTING PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIR BEING
PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIR BEING SENTENCED TO PRISON THAT THAT
SENTENCED TO PRISON THAT THAT EVER HAPPENED.
EVER HAPPENED. THAT IS ONE.
THAT IS ONE. THE SECOND PIECE IS WHAT KIND OF
THE SECOND PIECE IS WHAT KIND OF SENTENCE PAUL MANAFORT GOT.
SENTENCE PAUL MANAFORT GOT. ONE THAT SHOCKED EVEN VETERAN
ONE THAT SHOCKED EVEN VETERAN PROSECUTORS BECAUSE PAUL
PROSECUTORS BECAUSE PAUL MANAFORT’S SENTENCE OF NEARLY
MANAFORT’S SENTENCE OF NEARLY FOUR YEARS IN PRISON ON EIGHT
FOUR YEARS IN PRISON ON EIGHT FELONY FINANCIAL FRAUD COUNTS
FELONY FINANCIAL FRAUD COUNTS WAS FAR LESS THAN THE 19 AND
WAS FAR LESS THAN THE 19 AND 19.5 TO 24 YEARS THAT WERE
19.5 TO 24 YEARS THAT WERE RECOMMENDED BY THE FEDERAL
RECOMMENDED BY THE FEDERAL SENTENCING GUIDELINES FOR HIS
SENTENCING GUIDELINES FOR HIS CRIMES.
CRIMES. FAR LESS THAN WE’VE SEEN PEOPLE
FAR LESS THAN WE’VE SEEN PEOPLE SENTENCED FOR FOR ANYTHING FROM
SENTENCED FOR FOR ANYTHING FROM MISTAKENLY VOTING IN AN ELECTION
MISTAKENLY VOTING IN AN ELECTION WITH A PREVIOUS FELONY
WITH A PREVIOUS FELONY CONVICTION OR BEING CONVICTED
CONVICTION OR BEING CONVICTED FOR MARIJUANA POSSESSION, FOR A
FOR MARIJUANA POSSESSION, FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE WATCHING THAT
LOT OF PEOPLE WATCHING THAT SENTENCE YESTERDAY, FELT LIKE AN
SENTENCE YESTERDAY, FELT LIKE AN OBJECT LESSON IN RICH MAN’S
OBJECT LESSON IN RICH MAN’S JUSTICE AND MANAFORT AND EXITED
JUSTICE AND MANAFORT AND EXITED THE COURT WITH A COMPLETE
THE COURT WITH A COMPLETE TALKING POINT THAT HAD NOTHING
TALKING POINT THAT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH WHAT JUST HAPPENED IN
TO DO WITH WHAT JUST HAPPENED IN THE COURTROOM.
THE COURTROOM. >> GOOD EVENING, EVERYONE.
>> GOOD EVENING, EVERYONE. MR. MANAFORT GOT TO SPEAK FOR
MR. MANAFORT GOT TO SPEAK FOR HIMSELF AND SEEN WHAT WE SAID
HIMSELF AND SEEN WHAT WE SAID FROM DAY ONE, THERE IS
FROM DAY ONE, THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO EVIDENCE THAT PAUL
ABSOLUTELY NO EVIDENCE THAT PAUL MANAFORT WAS INVOLVED WITH ANY
MANAFORT WAS INVOLVED WITH ANY COLLUSION WITH ANY GOVERNMENT
COLLUSION WITH ANY GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL FROM RUSSIA.
OFFICIAL FROM RUSSIA. THANK YOU, EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU, EVERYBODY. >> WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE SENTENCE?
SENTENCE? >> THANK YOU, EVERYBODY.
>> THANK YOU, EVERYBODY. NO COLLUSION.
NO COLLUSION. WAIT, WAIT, WHAT?
WAIT, WAIT, WHAT? EVEN THE VERY LENIENT JUDGE WHO
EVEN THE VERY LENIENT JUDGE WHO SAID THAT MANAFORT HAD LED AN
SAID THAT MANAFORT HAD LED AN OTHERWISE EXEMPLARILY LIFE THAT
OTHERWISE EXEMPLARILY LIFE THAT ROBBED THE UNITED STATES OF TENS
ROBBED THE UNITED STATES OF TENS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS, THAT
OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS, THAT JUDGE SAID EARLY ON THE CHARGES
JUDGE SAID EARLY ON THE CHARGES AGAINST MANAFORT HAD NOTHING TO
AGAINST MANAFORT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH COLLUSION.
DO WITH COLLUSION. TO COME OUT OF THAT TRIAL TO SAY
TO COME OUT OF THAT TRIAL TO SAY SEE THAT, NO EVIDENCE OF
SEE THAT, NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION THANKS MAKES ZERO
COLLUSION THANKS MAKES ZERO SENSE AND TODAY, AS IF BY
SENSE AND TODAY, AS IF BY COINCIDENCE DONALD TRUMP PICKED
COINCIDENCE DONALD TRUMP PICKED UP THAT FAMILIAR TALKING POINT
UP THAT FAMILIAR TALKING POINT AND RAN WITH IT, VERY POINTEDLY
AND RAN WITH IT, VERY POINTEDLY DIRECTING REPORTERS TO THOSE
DIRECTING REPORTERS TO THOSE COMMENTS FROM MANAFORT’S
COMMENTS FROM MANAFORT’S LAWYERS.
LAWYERS. TRUMP SAID HE WAS QUOTE HONORED
TRUMP SAID HE WAS QUOTE HONORED THAT THE JUDGE AND CASE DECLARED
THAT THE JUDGE AND CASE DECLARED THAT THERE WAS NO COLLUSION IN
THAT THERE WAS NO COLLUSION IN RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. FIRST OF ALL, THAT’S NOT TRUE.
FIRST OF ALL, THAT’S NOT TRUE. THE JUDGE DID NOT SAY THAT AND
THE JUDGE DID NOT SAY THAT AND AGAIN, THAT’S NOT WHAT THE
AGAIN, THAT’S NOT WHAT THE MANAFORT CASE WAS ABOUT.
MANAFORT CASE WAS ABOUT. BUT TRUMP WAS VERY HONORED BY
BUT TRUMP WAS VERY HONORED BY THOSE IMAGEINARY WORDS BY THE
THOSE IMAGEINARY WORDS BY THE JUDGE.
JUDGE. HE DIDN’T STOP THERE.
HE DIDN’T STOP THERE. HE KEPT STARING THE DISCUSSION
HE KEPT STARING THE DISCUSSION BACK TO NO COLLUSION AND EVEN
BACK TO NO COLLUSION AND EVEN BACK TO HIS LONG TIME LAWYER
BACK TO HIS LONG TIME LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN AND EVEN THOUGH
MICHAEL COHEN AND EVEN THOUGH THERE IS LITERALLY NOTHING IN
THERE IS LITERALLY NOTHING IN THE COHEN SAGA THAT BENEFITS
THE COHEN SAGA THAT BENEFITS HIM, LET’S TALK ABOUT MY OTHER
HIM, LET’S TALK ABOUT MY OTHER ASSOCIATE THAT IS HEADED TO
ASSOCIATE THAT IS HEADED TO PRISON SOON.
PRISON SOON. A COUPLE THINGS ARE WEIRD ABOUT
A COUPLE THINGS ARE WEIRD ABOUT THIS.
THIS. THE FACT MANAFORT THROUGH HIS
THE FACT MANAFORT THROUGH HIS LAWYER SEEMED TO BE PARROTING
LAWYER SEEMED TO BE PARROTING THE TRUMP SCRIPT AS HE PREPARES
THE TRUMP SCRIPT AS HE PREPARES TO GO TO ANOTHER JUDGE ABSORBED
TO GO TO ANOTHER JUDGE ABSORBED THE MASSIVE PUBLIC OUTRAGE HOW
THE MASSIVE PUBLIC OUTRAGE HOW SHORT A SENTENCE HE JUST
SHORT A SENTENCE HE JUST RECEIVED AND MORE THAN A FEW
RECEIVED AND MORE THAN A FEW LEGAL OBSERVERS ARE THINKING THE
LEGAL OBSERVERS ARE THINKING THE REASON HE’S SINGING FROM THE
REASON HE’S SINGING FROM THE TRUMP NO COLLUSION SONG BOOK IS
TRUMP NO COLLUSION SONG BOOK IS PART OF THIS.
PART OF THIS. SOMETHING TRUMP ALSO BROUGHT UP,
SOMETHING TRUMP ALSO BROUGHT UP, UNPROMPTED TODAY ABOUT MICHAEL
UNPROMPTED TODAY ABOUT MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. TRUMP TOLD REPORTERS TODAY THAT
TRUMP TOLD REPORTERS TODAY THAT COHEN LIED TO CONGRESS WHEN HE
COHEN LIED TO CONGRESS WHEN HE SAID HE HAD NEVER SAW A BARDEN
SAID HE HAD NEVER SAW A BARDEN AND AS SOON AS HE BOARDED THE
AND AS SOON AS HE BOARDED THE PLANE FOR ALABAMA TODAY, TRUMP
PLANE FOR ALABAMA TODAY, TRUMP TWEETED THAT MICHAEL COHEN HAD
TWEETED THAT MICHAEL COHEN HAD ASKED HIM DIRECTLY FOR A PARDON
ASKED HIM DIRECTLY FOR A PARDON AND TRUMP CLAIMED HE SAID NO.
AND TRUMP CLAIMED HE SAID NO. COHEN SAYS TRUMP IS LYING ABOUT
COHEN SAYS TRUMP IS LYING ABOUT THAT BUT REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN
THAT BUT REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN JIM JORDAN SAYS HE’S GOING TO
JIM JORDAN SAYS HE’S GOING TO SEND ANOTHER CRIMINAL REFERRAL
SEND ANOTHER CRIMINAL REFERRAL TO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OVER
TO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OVER COHEN’S ALLEGED LIE ABOUT
COHEN’S ALLEGED LIE ABOUT WHETHER HE ASKED FOR A PARDON.
WHETHER HE ASKED FOR A PARDON. RAISING THE FOLLOWING INTRIGUEIN
RAISING THE FOLLOWING INTRIGUEIN QUESTION WILL DONALD TRUMP HAVE
QUESTION WILL DONALD TRUMP HAVE TO BE INTERVIEWED AS PART OF AN
TO BE INTERVIEWED AS PART OF AN INVESTIGATION INTO MICHAEL
INVESTIGATION INTO MICHAEL COHEN’S ALLEGED LYING INTO A
COHEN’S ALLEGED LYING INTO A PARDON.
PARDON. IF THEY HAD A ONE ON ONE
IF THEY HAD A ONE ON ONE CONVERSATION AS DONALD TRUMP
CONVERSATION AS DONALD TRUMP ALLEGES IN HIS TWITTER FEED,
ALLEGES IN HIS TWITTER FEED, WOULDN’T TRUMP HAVE TO GIVE
WOULDN’T TRUMP HAVE TO GIVE EVIDENCE?
EVIDENCE? ALSO TODAY, WHITE HOUSE
ALSO TODAY, WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR RESIGNED
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR RESIGNED MEANING THIS WHITE HOUSE HAS
MEANING THIS WHITE HOUSE HAS GONE THROUGH MORE COMMUNICATIONS
GONE THROUGH MORE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTORS THAN THE REAL
DIRECTORS THAN THE REAL HOUSEWIVES HAD CAST MEMBERS.
HOUSEWIVES HAD CAST MEMBERS. BILL SHINE CAME TO THE WHITE
BILL SHINE CAME TO THE WHITE HOUSE FROM FOX NEWS AND HE WILL
HOUSE FROM FOX NEWS AND HE WILL GO TO WORK ON DONALD TRUMP’S
GO TO WORK ON DONALD TRUMP’S REELECTION CAMPAIGN.
REELECTION CAMPAIGN. PERHAPS ONE DAY HE’LL END UP
PERHAPS ONE DAY HE’LL END UP BACK AT FOX NEWS.
BACK AT FOX NEWS. YES.
YES. IT’S THE CIRCLE OF LIFE.
IT’S THE CIRCLE OF LIFE. AND SPEAKING OF WHITE HOUSE
AND SPEAKING OF WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATIONS, ONE OF THE
COMMUNICATIONS, ONE OF THE THINGS THAT MADE THIS WHITE
THINGS THAT MADE THIS WHITE HOUSE DIFFERENT FROM ALL THE
HOUSE DIFFERENT FROM ALL THE OTHER WHITE HOUSES IS THE AMOUNT
OTHER WHITE HOUSES IS THE AMOUNT OF LEAKING THAT HAPPENS INSIDE
OF LEAKING THAT HAPPENS INSIDE IT.
IT. THIS WHITE HOUSE IS SO LEAKY,
THIS WHITE HOUSE IS SO LEAKY, LAST YEAR AXIOS PUBLISHED A
LAST YEAR AXIOS PUBLISHED A PIECE ENTITLED WHITE HOUSE
PIECE ENTITLED WHITE HOUSE LEAKERS LEAKED ABOUT LEAKING IN
LEAKERS LEAKED ABOUT LEAKING IN WHICH SOME OF THE
WHICH SOME OF THE ADMINISTRATION’S LEAKERS SPOKE
ADMINISTRATION’S LEAKERS SPOKE TO AXIOS ANONYMOUSLY ABOUT WHAT
TO AXIOS ANONYMOUSLY ABOUT WHAT THEY LEAK AND WHY.
THEY LEAK AND WHY. AND WHEN IT COMES TO WHITE HOUSE
AND WHEN IT COMES TO WHITE HOUSE LEAKING, THERE IS THE PETTY
LEAKING, THERE IS THE PETTY SCORE SETTLING KIND, THERE IS
SCORE SETTLING KIND, THERE IS THE KIND DESIGNED TO ADVANCE
THE KIND DESIGNED TO ADVANCE YOUR PREFERRED POLICY POSITION
YOUR PREFERRED POLICY POSITION IF YOU LOST INTERNAL DEBATE AND
IF YOU LOST INTERNAL DEBATE AND IN THIS WHITE HOUSE, THERE IS
IN THIS WHITE HOUSE, THERE IS EVEN LEAKING BECAUSE MAYBE YOU
EVEN LEAKING BECAUSE MAYBE YOU THINK THE ONLY WAY TO REACH THE
THINK THE ONLY WAY TO REACH THE PRESIDENT IS TO GET SOMETHING
PRESIDENT IS TO GET SOMETHING ONTO THE TV SO THAT HE CAN SEE
ONTO THE TV SO THAT HE CAN SEE IT DURING HIS EXECUTIVE TIME.
IT DURING HIS EXECUTIVE TIME. BUT THERE IS ALSO LEAKING OUT OF
BUT THERE IS ALSO LEAKING OUT OF CONCERN, LEAKING THAT APPEARS TO
CONCERN, LEAKING THAT APPEARS TO BE UNDER TAKEN TO SOUND THE
BE UNDER TAKEN TO SOUND THE ALARM.
ALARM. IT WAS SIX MONTHS AGO THIS WEEK
IT WAS SIX MONTHS AGO THIS WEEK THAT WE GOT THE ASTONISHING OP
THAT WE GOT THE ASTONISHING OP ED IN THE NEW YORK TIME WHEN IS
ED IN THE NEW YORK TIME WHEN IS AN ANONYMOUS OFFICIAL DESCRIBED
AN ANONYMOUS OFFICIAL DESCRIBED OF BEING A SENIOR ADMINISTRATION
OF BEING A SENIOR ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL QUOTE WORKING
OFFICIAL QUOTE WORKING DILIGENTLY FROM WITHIN TO
DILIGENTLY FROM WITHIN TO FRUSTRATE PARTS OF TRUMP’S
FRUSTRATE PARTS OF TRUMP’S AGENDA AND HIS WORST
AGENDA AND HIS WORST INCLINATIONS.
INCLINATIONS. QUOTE, BELIEVE OUR FIRST DUTY IS
QUOTE, BELIEVE OUR FIRST DUTY IS TO THIS COUNTRY AND THE
TO THIS COUNTRY AND THE PRESIDENT CONTINUES TO ACT IN A
PRESIDENT CONTINUES TO ACT IN A MANNER THAT IS DETRIMENTAL TO
MANNER THAT IS DETRIMENTAL TO THE HEALTH OF OUR REPUBLIC.
THE HEALTH OF OUR REPUBLIC. AMERICANS SHOULD KNOW THAT THERE
AMERICANS SHOULD KNOW THAT THERE ARE ADULTS IN THE ROOM.
ARE ADULTS IN THE ROOM. WE ARE TRYING TO DO WHAT’S RIGHT
WE ARE TRYING TO DO WHAT’S RIGHT EVEN WHEN DONALD TRUMP WON’T.
EVEN WHEN DONALD TRUMP WON’T. NOW YOUR MILEAGE MAY VARY
NOW YOUR MILEAGE MAY VARY WHETHER YOU THOUGHT THAT WAS
WHETHER YOU THOUGHT THAT WAS COURAGEOUS OR SELF JUSTIFYING
COURAGEOUS OR SELF JUSTIFYING BUT THE LEAK IN THIS
BUT THE LEAK IN THIS ADMINISTRATION, HERE IS
ADMINISTRATION, HERE IS SOMETHING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
SOMETHING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING
SHOULD KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE THERE HAVE BEEN A NUMBER OF
HERE THERE HAVE BEEN A NUMBER OF THESE.
THESE. AT THE BEGINNING OF TRUMP’S
AT THE BEGINNING OF TRUMP’S PRESIDENCY, ANONYMOUS WHITE
PRESIDENCY, ANONYMOUS WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS LEAKED DETAILS
HOUSE OFFICIALS LEAKED DETAILS AND TRANSCRIPTS OF TRUMP’S PHONE
AND TRANSCRIPTS OF TRUMP’S PHONE CALLS WITH FOREIGN LEADERS,
CALLS WITH FOREIGN LEADERS, SURE, MAYBE THEY DID THAT TO
SURE, MAYBE THEY DID THAT TO EMBARRASS HIM BUT IT SEEMED THAT
EMBARRASS HIM BUT IT SEEMED THAT SOME PEOPLE INSIDE THIS WHITE
SOME PEOPLE INSIDE THIS WHITE HOUSE THOUGHT THE PUBLIC NEEDED
HOUSE THOUGHT THE PUBLIC NEEDED TO KNOW WHAT TRUMP WAS SAYING ON
TO KNOW WHAT TRUMP WAS SAYING ON THOSE CALLS.
THOSE CALLS. THERE WAS THE REPORT A FEW
THERE WAS THE REPORT A FEW MONTHS AGO THE PRESIDENT WAS
MONTHS AGO THE PRESIDENT WAS CARRYING ON ALL KINDS OF
CARRYING ON ALL KINDS OF SENSITIVE CONVERSATIONS WITH
SENSITIVE CONVERSATIONS WITH FRIENDS ON HIS UNSECURED CELL
FRIENDS ON HIS UNSECURED CELL PHONE.
PHONE. CONVERSATIONS BEING LISTENED TO
CONVERSATIONS BEING LISTENED TO BY CHINESE AND RUSSIAN
BY CHINESE AND RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE.
INTELLIGENCE. THAT LEAK CERTAINLY SO YOU
THAT LEAK CERTAINLY SO YOU BELIEVEDS LIKE A WARNING OR
BELIEVEDS LIKE A WARNING OR MAYBE A CRY FOR HELP, QUOTE, MR.
MAYBE A CRY FOR HELP, QUOTE, MR. TRUMP’S AIDS HAVE REPEATEDLY
TRUMP’S AIDS HAVE REPEATEDLY WARNED HIM HIS CELL PHONE CALLS
WARNED HIM HIS CELL PHONE CALLS AREN’T SECURE AND TOLD HIM THAT
AREN’T SECURE AND TOLD HIM THAT RUSSIAN SPIES ARE ROUTINELY EASE
RUSSIAN SPIES ARE ROUTINELY EASE DROPPING ON THE HAULS BUT AIDS
DROPPING ON THE HAULS BUT AIDS SAY THE PRESIDENT HAS STILL
SAY THE PRESIDENT HAS STILL REFUSED TO GIVE UP HIS PHONES.
REFUSED TO GIVE UP HIS PHONES. THEY CAN ONLY HOPE HE RETRAINS
THEY CAN ONLY HOPE HE RETRAINS INFORMATION WHEN HE IS ON THEM.
INFORMATION WHEN HE IS ON THEM. WE HAVEN’T BEEN ABLE TO GET HIM
WE HAVEN’T BEEN ABLE TO GET HIM TO DO THAT DANGEROUS THING SO WE
TO DO THAT DANGEROUS THING SO WE BETTER ALERT THE PUBLIC AND
BETTER ALERT THE PUBLIC AND THERE ARE VARIOUS LEAKS ABOUT
THERE ARE VARIOUS LEAKS ABOUT JARED KUSHNER AND HIS SECURITY
JARED KUSHNER AND HIS SECURITY CLEARANCE AND OFFICIALS WOULD
CLEARANCE AND OFFICIALS WOULD NOT APPLY FOR A PERMANENT ONE
NOT APPLY FOR A PERMANENT ONE AND THE INTERIM CLEARANCE WAS
AND THE INTERIM CLEARANCE WAS REVOKED AND THEN THE PRESIDENT
REVOKED AND THEN THE PRESIDENT REPORTEDLY ORDERED THAT HE BE
REPORTEDLY ORDERED THAT HE BE GIVEN A TOP SECURITY CLEARANCE
GIVEN A TOP SECURITY CLEARANCE DESPITE THE RED FLAGS RAISED BY
DESPITE THE RED FLAGS RAISED BY INTELLIGENCE OFFICIALS.
INTELLIGENCE OFFICIALS. THE PRESIDENT’S CHIEF OF STAFF
THE PRESIDENT’S CHIEF OF STAFF AND WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL SO
AND WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL SO ALARMED BY THE PRESIDENT’S
ALARMED BY THE PRESIDENT’S DECISION THEY BOTH WROTE
DECISION THEY BOTH WROTE CONTEMPORANEOUS MEMOS WHY THEY
CONTEMPORANEOUS MEMOS WHY THEY THOUGHT JARED KUSHNER SHOULD NOT
THOUGHT JARED KUSHNER SHOULD NOT HAVE GOTTEN AIN THE ADMINISTRATI
HAVE GOTTEN AIN THE ADMINISTRATI HAS A BEEF.
HAS A BEEF. THAT IS CERTAINLY POSSIBLE.
THAT IS CERTAINLY POSSIBLE. THIS IS ALSO SOMEONE SOUNDING AN
THIS IS ALSO SOMEONE SOUNDING AN ALARM THAT THIS GUY IS HAVING A
ALARM THAT THIS GUY IS HAVING A LOT OF TROUBLE GETTING A
LOT OF TROUBLE GETTING A SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR A REASON.
SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR A REASON. AND LIKE I SAID, WE ARE USED TO
AND LIKE I SAID, WE ARE USED TO THESE LEAKS TO THE MEDIA.
THESE LEAKS TO THE MEDIA. EVERY DAY WE GET AT LEAST ONE.
EVERY DAY WE GET AT LEAST ONE. BUT TODAY WE GOT A SIGNAL THAT
BUT TODAY WE GOT A SIGNAL THAT THERE MAY BE A SUBSTANTIAL SHIFT
THERE MAY BE A SUBSTANTIAL SHIFT UNDERWAY IN THE NATURE AND
UNDERWAY IN THE NATURE AND SERIOUSNESS OF THESE
SERIOUSNESS OF THESE DISCLOSURES.
DISCLOSURES. A SHIFT THAT HAS ALL KINDS OF
A SHIFT THAT HAS ALL KINDS OF IMPLICATIONS FOR OVERSIGHT AND
IMPLICATIONS FOR OVERSIGHT AND FOR INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS WHITE
FOR INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE
THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE HAS BEEN ASKING THE WHITE HOUSE
HAS BEEN ASKING THE WHITE HOUSE FOR DOCUMENTS ON THE SECURITY
FOR DOCUMENTS ON THE SECURITY CLEARANCE ISSUE FOR WEEKS.
CLEARANCE ISSUE FOR WEEKS. AND EVER SINCE DEMOCRATS TOOK
AND EVER SINCE DEMOCRATS TOOK OVER THE COMMITTEE AND THIS WEEK
OVER THE COMMITTEE AND THIS WEEK THE WHITE HOUSE SAID NO, NO
THE WHITE HOUSE SAID NO, NO DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. WHICH IS EXPECTED TO TRIG AEROGE
WHICH IS EXPECTED TO TRIG AEROGE SUBPOENA
SUBPOENA SUBPOENA.
SUBPOENA. TODAY, AXIOS REPORTS THE
TODAY, AXIOS REPORTS THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE HAS GOTTEN
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE HAS GOTTEN ITS HANDS ON A NUMBER OF THE
ITS HANDS ON A NUMBER OF THE DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. THEY WERE LEAKED TO THE
THEY WERE LEAKED TO THE COMMITTEE BY SOMEONE INSIDE THE
COMMITTEE BY SOMEONE INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. QUOTE, THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT
QUOTE, THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE IN EARLY FEBRUARY HAD
COMMITTEE IN EARLY FEBRUARY HAD ALREADY OBTAINED THE LEAKED
ALREADY OBTAINED THE LEAKED DOCUMENTS, THE DETALIL THAT
DOCUMENTS, THE DETALIL THAT DETAIL THE ENTIRE PROCESS FROM
DETAIL THE ENTIRE PROCESS FROM THE SPRING OF 2017 TO THE SPRING
THE SPRING OF 2017 TO THE SPRING OF 2018 HOW BOTH JARED KUSHNER
OF 2018 HOW BOTH JARED KUSHNER AND ICONVANKA TRUMP WERE GRANTED
AND ICONVANKA TRUMP WERE GRANTED SECURITY CLEARANCES.
SECURITY CLEARANCES. THINK ABOUT THAT.
THINK ABOUT THAT. LEAKING DAMAGING INFORMATION OR
LEAKING DAMAGING INFORMATION OR SOUND THE ALARM TYPE INFORMATION
SOUND THE ALARM TYPE INFORMATION TO THE PRESS IS ONE THING,
TO THE PRESS IS ONE THING, LEAKING DOCUMENTS WITH NATIONAL
LEAKING DOCUMENTS WITH NATIONAL SECURITY IMPLICATIONS TO A
SECURITY IMPLICATIONS TO A CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE CONTROLLED BY THE OPPOSITION
CONTROLLED BY THE OPPOSITION PARTY WITH BROAD INVESTIGATIVE
PARTY WITH BROAD INVESTIGATIVE AND SAYUBPOENA POWER, IF THIS IS
AND SAYUBPOENA POWER, IF THIS IS CORRECT, WE MAY BE IN A WHOLE
CORRECT, WE MAY BE IN A WHOLE NOW BALL GAME.
NOW BALL GAME. JOINING ME NOW IS CONGRESSMAN
JOINING ME NOW IS CONGRESSMAN DEMOCRAT OF CALIFORNIA WHO SITS
DEMOCRAT OF CALIFORNIA WHO SITS ON THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE.
ON THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE. THANKS FOR JOINING US.
THANKS FOR JOINING US. >> GOOD TO BE ON.
>> GOOD TO BE ON. >> LET’S GO AND GET INTO THIS
>> LET’S GO AND GET INTO THIS LEAK.
LEAK. OBVIOUSLY NOW THE COMMITTEE HAS
OBVIOUSLY NOW THE COMMITTEE HAS THE DOCUMENTS THAT WALK YOUR
THE DOCUMENTS THAT WALK YOUR COMMITTEE THROUGH THE PROCESS OF
COMMITTEE THROUGH THE PROCESS OF HOW JARED KUSHNER AND IVANKA
HOW JARED KUSHNER AND IVANKA TRUMP GOT THEIR SECURITY
TRUMP GOT THEIR SECURITY CLEARANCES.
CLEARANCES. WHAT NOW DOES THE COMMITTEE WANT
WHAT NOW DOES THE COMMITTEE WANT TO DO ABOUT IT?
TO DO ABOUT IT? IS THIS GOING TO TRIGGER
IS THIS GOING TO TRIGGER HEARINGS AND COULD WE SEE IVANKA
HEARINGS AND COULD WE SEE IVANKA TRUMP AND JARED KUSHNER FORCED
TRUMP AND JARED KUSHNER FORCED TO TESTIFY OR WHITE HOUSE
TO TESTIFY OR WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS THAT GRANTED THEM
OFFICIALS THAT GRANTED THEM THEIR CLEARANCES?
THEIR CLEARANCES? >> LET ME EXPLAIN WHY THIS IS A
>> LET ME EXPLAIN WHY THIS IS A BIG DEAL.
BIG DEAL. FOR A PRESIDENT THAT SPEND THE
FOR A PRESIDENT THAT SPEND THE ENTIRE 2016 CAMPAIGN TRAIL
ENTIRE 2016 CAMPAIGN TRAIL RAILING AGAINST HILLARY
RAILING AGAINST HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAIL SERVERS, THIS
CLINTON’S E-MAIL SERVERS, THIS IS A FAR BIGGER NATIONAL
IS A FAR BIGGER NATIONAL SECURITY CRISIS.
SECURITY CRISIS. THERE ARE ALLEGATIONS THAT JARED
THERE ARE ALLEGATIONS THAT JARED KUSHNER HAD SENSITIVE
KUSHNER HAD SENSITIVE INFORMATION THAT HE HAS
INFORMATION THAT HE HAS ALLEGEDLY BEEN GIVING LISTS TO
ALLEGEDLY BEEN GIVING LISTS TO MBS, THE SAUDI CROWN PRINCE
MBS, THE SAUDI CROWN PRINCE ABOUT SAUDI DISDENTS AND WHAT IS
ABOUT SAUDI DISDENTS AND WHAT IS IT IN HIS BACKGROUND THAT WAS
IT IN HIS BACKGROUND THAT WAS CAUSING CONCERN, HAS HE BEEN
CAUSING CONCERN, HAS HE BEEN SHARING TOP SECRET INFORMATION
SHARING TOP SECRET INFORMATION WITH PEOPLE IN SAUDI ARABIA OR
WITH PEOPLE IN SAUDI ARABIA OR OTHER COUNTRIES?
OTHER COUNTRIES? WHY IS IT HE HAS NOT DISCLOSED A
WHY IS IT HE HAS NOT DISCLOSED A NUMBER OF FOREIGN BUSINESS
NUMBER OF FOREIGN BUSINESS RELATIONS?
RELATIONS? THIS IS NOT A PARTISAN ISSUE.
THIS IS NOT A PARTISAN ISSUE. IT’S NOT A BURRO CATEAUCRATIC IS
IT’S NOT A BURRO CATEAUCRATIC IS >> JOHN KELLY, THE FORMER CHIEF
>> JOHN KELLY, THE FORMER CHIEF OF STAFF AND DON McGAHN WROTE
OF STAFF AND DON McGAHN WROTE ABOUT THESE TWO OBTAINING THE
ABOUT THESE TWO OBTAINING THE CLEARANCES, DO YOU-ALL HAVE THE
CLEARANCES, DO YOU-ALL HAVE THE NOTES?
NOTES? >> I DON’T THINK WE HAVE THOSE.
>> I DON’T THINK WE HAVE THOSE. BOTH JOHN KELLY AND THE WHITE
BOTH JOHN KELLY AND THE WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL AT THE TIME WERE
HOUSE COUNSEL AT THE TIME WERE OPPOSED TO THE DECISION TO GIVE
OPPOSED TO THE DECISION TO GIVE JARED KUSHNER TOP SECRET
JARED KUSHNER TOP SECRET CLEARANCE.
CLEARANCE. THEY WERE SO OPPOSED THEY FELT
THEY WERE SO OPPOSED THEY FELT THE NEED TO WRITE A MEMO
THE NEED TO WRITE A MEMO DOCUMENTING HOW CONCERNED THEY
DOCUMENTING HOW CONCERNED THEY WERE AND WHY JARED KUSHNER
WERE AND WHY JARED KUSHNER SHOULDN’T GET THIS INFORMATION.
SHOULDN’T GET THIS INFORMATION. THIS HAS IMPLICATIONS.
THIS HAS IMPLICATIONS. THE PRESIDENT MADE JARED KUSHNER
THE PRESIDENT MADE JARED KUSHNER THE POINT PERSON ON MIDDLE EAST
THE POINT PERSON ON MIDDLE EAST PEACE AND MIDDLE EAST POLICY AND
PEACE AND MIDDLE EAST POLICY AND WE NEED TO KNOW WHAT INFORMATION
WE NEED TO KNOW WHAT INFORMATION HE HAS AND WHO IS HE SHARING IT
HE HAS AND WHO IS HE SHARING IT WITH.
WITH. >> IN THE DOCUMENTS LEAKED TO
>> IN THE DOCUMENTS LEAKED TO THE COMMITTEE, IS THERE ANYTHING
THE COMMITTEE, IS THERE ANYTHING IN THE DOCUMENTS THAT INDICATES
IN THE DOCUMENTS THAT INDICATES TO YOU THAT JARED KUSHNER MIGHT
TO YOU THAT JARED KUSHNER MIGHT HAVE SHARED CLASSIFIED
HAVE SHARED CLASSIFIED INFORMATION WITH THE SAUDI
INFORMATION WITH THE SAUDI PRINCE?
PRINCE? >> I CAN’T SAY IT’S IN THAT BUT
>> I CAN’T SAY IT’S IN THAT BUT THERE IS PUBLIC REPORTING ON A
THERE IS PUBLIC REPORTING ON A NUMBER OF KEY POINTS.
NUMBER OF KEY POINTS. ONE THAT JARED KUSHNER HAD
ONE THAT JARED KUSHNER HAD ACCESS TO THE PRESIDENTS’ DAILY
ACCESS TO THE PRESIDENTS’ DAILY BRIEF.
BRIEF. IN THAT DAILY BRIEF WERE
IN THAT DAILY BRIEF WERE NUMEROUS REPORTS ABOUT SAUDI
NUMEROUS REPORTS ABOUT SAUDI DISDENTS AND SHARED THAT WITH
DISDENTS AND SHARED THAT WITH THE SAUDI CROWN PRINCE AND HE
THE SAUDI CROWN PRINCE AND HE HAD MEETINGS WITHOUT HAVING
HAD MEETINGS WITHOUT HAVING ANYONE IN THE EMBASSY THERE AND
ANYONE IN THE EMBASSY THERE AND WE KNOW THE CROWNED PRINCE MOST
WE KNOW THE CROWNED PRINCE MOST LIKELY ORDERED THE KILLING OF
LIKELY ORDERED THE KILLING OF KHASHOGGI.
KHASHOGGI. WE KNOW HIS ORDERING THE BOMBING
WE KNOW HIS ORDERING THE BOMBING OF HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF
OF HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF CIVILIANS IN YEMEN AND HERE
CIVILIANS IN YEMEN AND HERE THERE ARE SER DWROUSIOUS ALLEGAT
THERE ARE SER DWROUSIOUS ALLEGAT WHAT HE IS SHARING.
WHAT HE IS SHARING. THIS IS NOT A BURRO CATEAUCRATIC
THIS IS NOT A BURRO CATEAUCRATIC ISSUE.
ISSUE. >> WE KNOW JUST FROM PUBLIC
>> WE KNOW JUST FROM PUBLIC REPORTING THAT ONE OF THE
REPORTING THAT ONE OF THE CHALLENGES JARED KUSHNER HAD
CHALLENGES JARED KUSHNER HAD GETTING A CLEARANCE IS THE FACT
GETTING A CLEARANCE IS THE FACT HE WAS IN A LOT OF DEBT.
HE WAS IN A LOT OF DEBT. HE HAD A BUILDING IN MANHATTAN
HE HAD A BUILDING IN MANHATTAN WITH A BIG BALLOON PAYMENT DUE
WITH A BIG BALLOON PAYMENT DUE AND HIS FATHER WAS LOOKING,
AND HIS FATHER WAS LOOKING, HELPING HIM TO LOOK FOR WAYS TO
HELPING HIM TO LOOK FOR WAYS TO PAY THE BILL.
PAY THE BILL. HAVE YOU FOUND ANYTHING IN THE
HAVE YOU FOUND ANYTHING IN THE LEAKED DOCUMENTS, ANYTHING THAT
LEAKED DOCUMENTS, ANYTHING THAT WOULD INDICATE TO YOU THAT JARED
WOULD INDICATE TO YOU THAT JARED KUSHNER WAS SEEKING FUNDING,
KUSHNER WAS SEEKING FUNDING, SEEKING MONEY FROM THE MIDDLE
SEEKING MONEY FROM THE MIDDLE EAST WHILE HE WAS IN THE MIDDLE
EAST WHILE HE WAS IN THE MIDDLE EAST PROPUTLYURPORTEDLY NEGOTIAT
EAST PROPUTLYURPORTEDLY NEGOTIAT BEHALF OF THE UNITED STATES?
BEHALF OF THE UNITED STATES? >> THE PUBLIC REPORTING, THIS
>> THE PUBLIC REPORTING, THIS ARE HUGE REPORTS THAT JARED
ARE HUGE REPORTS THAT JARED KUSHNER HASN’T BEEN FULLY
KUSHNER HASN’T BEEN FULLY FORTHCOMING ABOUT HIS OVERSEAS
FORTHCOMING ABOUT HIS OVERSEAS BUSINESS DEALINGS.
BUSINESS DEALINGS. AND ALL OF HIS FOREIGN CONTACTS.
AND ALL OF HIS FOREIGN CONTACTS. I HAD A SECURITY BACKGROUND
I HAD A SECURITY BACKGROUND CHECK WHEN I WORKED AT THE
CHECK WHEN I WORKED AT THE COMMERCE DEPARTMENT.
COMMERCE DEPARTMENT. YOU HAVE TO DISCLOSE EVERY
YOU HAVE TO DISCLOSE EVERY SINGLE PERSON YOU’VE EVER MET
SINGLE PERSON YOU’VE EVER MET WITH IN A FOREIGN COUNTRY IN THE
WITH IN A FOREIGN COUNTRY IN THE PAST SEVEN YEARS.
PAST SEVEN YEARS. AND FOR KUSHNER NOT TO DISCLOSE
AND FOR KUSHNER NOT TO DISCLOSE THE CONTACTS PUTS HIM IN A
THE CONTACTS PUTS HIM IN A COUNTRY IN A VULNERABLE SPOT.
COUNTRY IN A VULNERABLE SPOT. IT MAY NOT BE IN A SPOT BUT
IT MAY NOT BE IN A SPOT BUT THAT’S WHY WE HAVE BACKGROUND
THAT’S WHY WE HAVE BACKGROUND CHECKS TO SEE IF SOMEONE COULD
CHECKS TO SEE IF SOMEONE COULD TAKE ADVANTAGE OF AND I HAVE
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF AND I HAVE CONCERNS WHETHER THE SAUDIS HAVE
CONCERNS WHETHER THE SAUDIS HAVE BEEN TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE